30 October 2010
    Release date for 0.1.6.
    Additions are :
     - a find window that lets one look for a string in an hexa or text format.
       This window is able to search the entire document and gives the results
       in a specific window (the result window)
     - a find and replace window that will look for a string in hexa or text
       format and will (eventually) replace it by a new string also entered in
       an hexa or text format
     - a go to ... dialog box that lets the user jump anywhere in the file in
       almost any directions ! Enter the offset as an integer or an hexadecimal
       number, choose your direction, click "Ok" and you're done !
     - A new empty document can be created from zero ! Beware there is still a
       bug when saving this newly created document : the user is not prompted a
       name ! Use save as function.

    As usual a hudge number of bugs were corrected as I see them (please report
    bugs !) For more details, please see ChangeLog file.

    The roadmap was modifed a bit to include new features I want to see in next
    versions and to remove those that are already done (eg translatable project
    for 0.3.0 - which is done since 0.1.3 !)

    Translations : There is only 2 languages for this release. Please, if you
    are a translator or know a translator, have a look here.

    Since last release the libfilecache is named libfcl for File Cache Library.
    It is a private joke with FCL, a feminine basket club in Lyon (France). The
    development of this library is not fast... and nothing really usable has
    been written !

    Since release 0.1.5 :
     - 3196 lines were added
     - 165 lines were killed

    Heraia has now 12085 lines. THe biggest file is heraia_ui with 2411 lines
    and the smalest one is main_pref_window.h with 32 lines !

    Devel docs, generated with doxygen are 49 MB in size and represents 22684
    files !

20 August 2010
    Release date for 0.1.5. This version is the first public version with full
    french translation. In fact version 0.1.3 was also fully translated but was
    not released because of my ISP !

    From May i'm working on usability of heraia and now the user can open
    multiple file, close them, use copy, cut, paste , delete and undo, redo
    things at will. A message is warning the leaving user when a modified
    document still exists in order to know what to do.

    I'm now thinking about a libfilecache to bring a cache mecanism to GtkHex
    library (this is the best way not to break API's I think). And i'm going to
    begin work to let the user add it's data types (first step before
    templates). Expect more visible changes in next releases.

13 May 2010
    Ok, I'm not very serious and forgot to write here...
    Now libheraia is a real library and thus this is possible to have bindings
    for python...

    I'm trying to change the user's experience by adding some classical
    functions such as warning when leaving without saving, copy/cut undo/redo
    and so on...

    Translation is in progress. I hope that this will be achieved soon.

16 August 2008
    I forgot to write here for a while !
    I recently added a roadmap file in order to know where to go. This is
    because Isabelle Hurbain (a friend of mine) told me that I have to
    release early and often. Before that I was considering each svn version
    as a "release" itself.
    Now one can contribute freely for the next release.

    Thanks to Sebastien Tricaud there is also a new branche that creates
    python bindings and a libheraia library which anyone could use in their
    projects (I don't know who will use this, no one is even using the main
    program !!). Anyway this is long term interest. I hope Sebastien will
    take care of that branche and thus it might merge with the "official"
    one soon.

08 January 2007
    The heraia program has now a new plugin interface. It has been proved
    that this interface is fully functionnal. It lacks already a number
    of features that may be interesting in the future :
        - ability to configure a plugin within the Plugin list window
        - some functions to use filtering easyly
        - some functions to import / export files (templates files)
        - a safe multithreaded interface (there is many things that
                  renders plugin multithreading unusable or unsafe at least)
        - add command lines options to disable some plugins

    Since one year there is few changes in the main interface :
        - added a log window
        - added a plugin system

    But there has been a lot of changes in the code itself in order to
    bring back coherence (if there was any before !!).

    There is many still many things to do and the most important one is
    probably the GtkHexWidget replacement as it contains too many
    limitations :
        - Size of files that may be openned : < 2Go
        - Does not use a cache system. The openned file is opened
          entirely (this is very long for a 650Mo iso file for
          example).

    We may also add the following :
        - ability to open more than one file at a time
        - ability to filter a selection (select a compressed zone
          send it to the right decompressor and edit the new stream
          for exemple)
        - add a search tool (that may search for templates)
        - add a template creator
        - multi - system compilation (windows, mac os, hp-ux, ...)
        - ...

    This is only the beginning guys ... come on, help the heraia project
    by :
        - coding something of the above
        - writing help, translating the application
        - coding a plugin (which may (or not) be usefull)
        - coding import / export filters
        - codind stream filters
        - using the product and saying your opinion about it,
          the features you may want to see added, ...

14 May 2005
    Héraia is not meant to be an hexadecimal document creator thus it is
    not possible to call heraia from the command line with a file that does
    not exists or that has a length of 0 byte.

29 January 2005
    Project creation
    Name of the project comes from
    http://www.educnet.education.fr/musagora/manuel/sequence4/tradHeraia.htm
    (french)
    This is my first project in gtk+ so there might be surprising things for
    one used to it. Please report anything that seems strange to you.

